Update README.md (#510)
tokio-rs/console: README.md

```

#### running the console on windows

> For best results on windows use a utf-8 enabled Terminal such as the new Windows [Terminal]([http://example.com](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/terminal/install).

Author: ```suggestion
For best results on windows use a utf-8 enabled Terminal such as the new Windows [Terminal](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/terminal/install).
```

> For best results on windows use a utf-8 enabled Terminal such as the new Windows [Terminal](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/terminal/install).
> In order to get graph output and other visual features to work, make sure to explicitly call tokio-console with the utf-8 language flag set.

Reviewer: I might rephrase this a bit:
```suggestion
The console uses the UTF-8 character set to display graphs and other visual
features in the terminal. In order to display this rich terminal UI on Windows,
it's necessary to use a UTF-8-enabled terminal emulator, such as the new
[Windows Terminal](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/terminal/install).

If you're using a terminal that supports UTF-8, make sure to explicitly call
tokio-console with the UTF-8 language flag set: 
```
